[Feature] Update template for templates, quarto defaults, and README (#6)
SyndemicsLab/analysis-template-R: README.md

## Structure

This template contains a basic analysis R project folder structure. It assumes we make use of [Quarto notebooks](https://quarto.org/) and the [renv](https://rstudio.github.io/renv/) virtual environment tool. We also make use of our custom linter and format restrictions based on our lab style guide rules.

> **Note:** While based on tidyverse, we do not subscribe to all the ideas and provide different checks. A major example of this is we utilize 4 space indentation rather than 2 space.

Reviewer: Rather than adding a caveat, I think it's better to just link to the style guide directly in L7.

Author: Addressed in [8ad5ffb](https://github.com/SyndemicsLab/analysis-template-R/pull/6/commits/8ad5ffbb74371cb399b425254d75b019d4d2f3d3)

### Folders

> - `data/` - General folder for all data. Ensure if it is too big that it does not get checked into VC itself but instead a reference to the data is copied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data/` - General folder for all data. Ensure if it is [too big](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/managing-large-files/about-large-files-on-github#file-size-limits) that it does not get checked into version control itself but instead a reference to the data is copied.
```
